---
layout: post
title: Https for ricksum API
description: "Simple proxy for ricksum API with ssl certificate"
date: 2017-09-10 13:09:47
category: articles
tags: [ricksum, ricksum API, certificate]
image:
  feature: rickMorty8bit.jpg
permalink: ricksum
---

# Proxy endpoint for ricksum API with SSL certificate. 
## When you need to use https for some reason. Use link below.

## [HTTPS ricksum API endpoint :link:](https://ricksum.jesse.co.ua/)

---

#### You can find documantation at [Ricksum website :link:](http://loremricksum.com/documentation/)

## Documentation on Sep 10, 2017
<div class="ricksum" id="ricksum">
				<h1>Documentation</h1>
				<p>So our API apparently uses JSON and shit. Which I don't know anything about, I'm not even a developer! The other guy who made it is, but he's not the kind of guy who writes documentations.</p>
				<p>He also thinks I'm slacking off and make him to all the work. Which is definitely not the case. So i guess this one is on me.</p>
				<h2>Bla bla. So how do I use it?</h2>
				<p>Just do a fucking GET request on loremricksum.com/api. You can add extra parameters to specify the output you're gonna get. But seriously tho, you can only use like two different parameters for now:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>paragraphs</li>
					<li>quotes</li>
				</ul>
				<p>For some reason you can also use <i>words</i> as a substitute word for <i>quotes</i>. But it still returns quotes and not single words… Fuck logic.</p>
				<h2>Examples</h2>
				<p>Down below (duh) we're listing a few JSON returns of different url parameters.</p>
				<p><strong>http://loremricksum.com/api/?paragraphs=1&amp;quotes=1</strong></p>
<pre>{
  "data":[
    "Pluto's a planet."
  ]
}
</pre>
<p>Fact.</p>
				<p><strong>http://loremricksum.com/api/?paragraphs=1&amp;quotes=3</strong></p>

<pre>{
  "data":[
    "The fucking amish bitch shot me! Nice, Puffy vagina. My name is Slip- Slippery Stair. I'll take ya down there for 25 shmeckels!"
  ]
}
</pre>
				<p><strong>http://loremricksum.com/api/?paragraphs=3&amp;quotes=2</strong></p>
<pre>{
  "data":[
    "We don't whitewash it either, Morty. I mean, the pirates are really rapey. Rikitikitavi, bitch!",
    "Slow down! A price for everything.",
    "Yea and I made the stars that became the carbon in your mothers ovaries! What the fuck is going on?!"
  ]
}
</pre>